Honor Apache X-Request-Start header containing microseconds (#210)
zombocom/rack-timeout: CHANGELOG.md

## HEAD (unreleased)
 - Improve message when Terminate on Timeout is used on a platform that does not support it (eg. Windows or JVM)

>  - Honor an `X-Request-Start` header with Apache's standard `t=<microseconds>` format, to allow using `wait_timeout` functionality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Honor an `X-Request-Start` header with the `t=<microseconds>` format, to allow using `wait_timeout` functionality with Apache
```

Slight rewording, as there's no standardized format for `X-Request-Start`, as you've discovered.
